## Notes to graders ##
This site is responsive but not designed for small mobile screens. About an 1000px of width is needed on at least an 8in wide screen.
An assumption is made that the bakery doesn't have hundreds of active items at once and so the item listing on the store page is not paginated.
Please clear browser cache and cookies for localhost before use (or open in new private window/incognito mode)
Users can view a list of items by going to /items and details with the item show page BUT the site is designed for them to look at items on the /shop page. The /items page is there for the administrator and to pass cucumber tests.
I believe I did the extra credit for toggling active/inactive items.
You may like the errors page...



## 67-272: Bread Express (imadueme@andrew.cmu.edu) ##

This will be the starter code for the course project in 67-272: Application Design and Development.  More notes will follow depending on the phase of the project.

To set this up, clone this repository, run the `bundle install` command to ensure you have all the needed gems and then create the database with `rake db:migrate`.  If you want to populate the system with fictitious, but somewhat realistic data, you can run the `rake db:populate` command.  The populate script will create:
- 120 customers
- over 600 orders
- a menu of 5 types of breads, 3 varieties of muffins and 1 type of pastry

Many objects are created with some element of randomness so you will get slightly different results each time it is run.  However, employee-type users are fixed.  In terms of employee-type users there are two admins -- Alex (username: 'alex') and Mark (username: 'mark') -- and a shipper (username: 'shipper') and a baker (username: 'baker').  All customers have a username which is 'user' with a sequential set of numbers concatentated. (user1 - user120 should exist for you to log in as and experiment.)  All users in the system have a password of 'secret'.  

Instructions for what needs to be done for this project can be found in the write-up found on the [67-272 course site](http://67272.cmuis.net/projects).

